[main theme plays]
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job is too big,
No pup is too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol
We're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go
PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barking]
[Rubble] "Pups Save The Bunnies."
[Ryder] Ready?
-[Chase] Ready.
-[all] Go!
[all barking]
Yay!
[yapping]
[laughing]
Whoa. Nice move, Chase.
Yeah. Awesome shortcut, dude.
Thanks.
[all barking]
Mr. Porter, wait until you taste
the delicious carrots I grew.
Strange.
A row of carrots is missing.
[both gasping]
Your carrots are growing backwards.
Gotcha.
-Aah!
-[gasps]
[grunting]
Aah! Ooh!
[both gasping]
[chomping]
Just what I thought. Bunnies.
[both gasping]
[device ringing]
Hi, Farmer Yumi. What's up?
Bunnies. Tonnes of them.
Eating all my carrots.
Can you and the PAW Patrol
help out, Ryder?
Don't worry, Farmer Yumi.
No job is too big, no pup is too small.
No bunny will get past us.
-[beeping]
-PAW Patrol, to the Lookout.
[all] Ryder needs us.
[sneezing]
Whoa!
I'm good.
[all barking and giggling]
[pup] Yeah!
Wait for me!
[grunting]
[clattering]
[laughing]
Well, at least it's not covering my eyes.
[all laughing]
[exciting music playing]
[elevator dinging]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
Great fast response, pups.
[beeping]
Farmer Yumi grew a huge
crop of carrots this year.
Aww. Cute bunny.
[Ryder] Cute, but hungry.
Those bunnies have been eating up
Farmer Yumi's carrots.
We need to get them
someplace they'll be safe,
where they won't eat Farmer Yumi's crops.
They'll be safe here
at the Lookout.
Sorry, Skye,
if there are too many
bunnies for Yumi's farm,
there are way too many bunnies for here.
What can we do with them?
We'll move them to a big field
in the hills that they'll love.
But first we'll have to catch them.
[beeping]
Rubble, I need you and your shovel
to dig a trench around the carrot patch
and find the bunnies' tunnels.
Rubble on the double.
[beeping]
Chase, I'll need your megaphone
and herding skills to move the bunnies.
And we may need your net
to catch some of them.
Chase is on the case.
All right!
PAW Patrol is on a roll.
[all barking, cheering]
[exciting music continues]
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
Whoo-hoo!
Yeah!
♪ Go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-Whee!
-[barking]
- ♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Rubble! ♪
[barking]
♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[engine starts]
- ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[tires screeching]
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-[barking]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-[tires screeching]
-[engine revving]
[exciting music continues]
[siren blaring]
[tires screeching]
[grunting]
At least we saved some carrots
before the rabbits ate them all.
-[chomping]
-Mr. Porter!
Hi, Farmer Yumi. Hi, Mr. Porter.
Hi, Ryder. Thanks for coming.
That's a lot of holes.
Those bunnies work fast.
Rubble, dig a trench around the field
so we can see how many tunnels
and bunnies there are.
I'm on it.
[barking]
Woof. Shovel.
[machinery whirring]
[main theme plays]
I'll go round up the bunnies.
But, Ryder, where will we put them all
once Chase rounds them up?
[Ryder] Hmm.
I've got it.
Rocky, can you get some kennel cages
and put the old pup beds in them?
Sure. Don't lose it, reuse it.
Great.
Skye, can you fly them here?
Yeah. I'll be there
in two shakes of a bunny's tail.
Thanks, pups. Ryder out.
[barking and howling]
Huh?
[chomping]
I got something!
Make that two somethings.
Huh?
[barking]
I got you! I got you!
Huh? I got you! Huh?
Wait. Huh? Where did you go?
Hey! Hey!
[barking]
[continues barking]
Chase, see if you can herd them
into Bettina's pen.
You got it, Ryder.
[barking]
[barking continues]
You can't outrun Chase.
[panting]
But you can out-spin me.
Aah! Ooh!
[Ryder] Over here, Skye.
[heroic music playing]
The bunnies won't be able
to resist these carrots.
[upbeat country music playing]
[Rubble laughing]
Two more coming your way, Chase.
Megaphone. [barking]
Attention, all bunnies.
We brought cages with nice, soft beds
to take you to your new home.
And inside each cage
are yummy, crunchy treats.
[chomping]
It's working.
Aw. They're so adorable.
Are you comfy, cuties?
[all laughing]
This pup's got to fly!
[exciting music playing]
-[all] Bye!
-[Ryder] Bye, bunnies! See ya!
[Rubble] Hope to see you soon!
For something so cute,
they sure do cause a lot of trouble.
[whistling]
I can't wait to make a nice,
fresh salad with Farmer Yumi's...
bunnies?
Oh!
Naughty bunnies. Don't do that.
Bunnies! Oh!
Did we get them all?
[Bettina lowing]
Sounds like Bettina's in trouble.
Hurry.
-[gasping]
-[mooing]
[chomping]
[all laughing]
What a scaredy cow.
Don't worry, little bunny. I've got you.
[beeper sounding]
Hi, Mr. Porter.
Ryder, now I've got a bunny problem.
They're everywhere.
Would you mind coming soon?
Or …now?
We're on our way.
[main theme music playing]
[siren blaring]
[Mr. Porter] Oh, no you don't.
Ah! Oh!
Huh?
Where did he go?
[chomping]
Ha!
Naughty bunnies. You don't belong there.
[chomping]
You can stay in there with your--
Huh?
Now where did they go?
Let me help, Mr. Porter.
[barking]
One scoopful of bunny.
[laughing]
Good idea, Rubble.
Don't worry.
We've got the perfect spot for you two.
What?
More bunnies? Huh?
-Oh!
-That's too many bunnies to scoop.
I know.
Mr. Porter, may I have some
of your delicious carrot cake?
Coming right up.
Huh?
Thanks.
Come and get it.
Chase, we need your net.
Net. [barking]
[machinery whirring]
[barking]
[whooshes]
Good work, Chase.
-You got them.
-Oh, yeah.
Right there.
Whenever there's trouble,
just yelp for help.
Let's get these bunnies someplace
where they won't bother you
and we won't bother them.
Bye-bye, bunnies. I'll miss you.
And you. And you. And you.
And you too.
I think they're going
to be pretty happy out here.
[laughing]
Who's tickling me?
Well, hello, little stowaway.
[laughing and yapping]
Mmm. Farmer Yumi's carrots are good.
No wonder there are
so many rabbits at her farm.
She followed me home, Ryder.
May I keep her, please?
[chomping]
I guess we can handle one bunny.
Yay! Ryder, you're the best!
Well, you've all been very good pups.
Yeah! Ruff! Yeah!
[barking]
[laughing]
♪ You're all good pups ♪
♪ And we saved the day ♪
Huh?
Okay.
Where'd they all come from?
Who knows? But they sure are fun.
[laughing]
[all laughing]
[main theme music playing]